Dao coin is aming to change the distribution of income and wealth in the world transforming from MMT (modern monetary policy, which is printing money for all kinds of purposes unscrupulously）to focusing on the sustainable growth and long term preservation of human race. After all, if human race is doomed to be destroyed by humans themselves, what is the point of everything we do in our lifetime? Human nature is selfish, irrational, and humans are always seeking loopholes. Human nature have never changed, are not changing, and will not change in the future. If only we can direct the endeavors of human society from making monetary money to preserving the natural resources, protecting the environment and having sustainable growth, we can have future.
Human nature never change. From the day one of our civilization, we humans killed all the way to modern day. We wiped out most of the species on earth, and we even killed each other for all kinds of selfish purposes. We humans are selfish. We are also irrational, our brains have limited channels of receiving information and limited abilities of dealing with these information. Selfish+irrational leads to seeking loophole. What is the loophole for our human race? It is the mother nature, the   earth. Our human civilization has only 3 million years of record, while the earth has existed for 4-5 billion years. How can we claim that the earth is our's？ It is the human selfishness and irrationality lead to that conclusion that everything on earth belong to human race.
Dao coin provides a solution to let people make money by protecting the environment, reducing the pollution, cutting the waste of natural resources, and reducing their desires to  waste natural resources. Shifting the course from making monetary money to cherishing the environment and natural resources, human race will have a better future.
